Dhruv Sharma
605-082-988

Lab.
                                                                               
  1. On running /usr/bin/ls with the options -a, -A and both -a -A, I found that
     the 'bug' still exists. The -A option DOES NOT override a previous -a
     option.

  2. By running the man command on /usr/bin/ls, I found that the ls version
     installed at usr/bin/ls corresponds to GNU coreutils 8.22 .

  3. I downloaded the Coreutils 8.29 source tarball using the wget command and
     obtained the coreutils-8.29.tar.xz file
     Using the wget command I downloaded the signature file for coreutils
     and also the gnu-keyring

  4. Using the gpg command, I attempted to verify the signature. The command
     says that the signature is good. However it also says that there is no
     indication that this particular key belongs to the owner (user).

  5. I then ran the ./configure file with the --prefix flag to a new directory
     in the home directory. Then I ran the make command to compile, and then the
     make install command to install the coreutils package. I didnt run into any
     issues with this command

  6. On running the version of ls that has just been installed, I was able to
     reproduce the bug. On running ls -a -A, the . and .. would still be
     displayed.
     
  7. I applied the patch using the -p1 strip option in order to produce full
     path names without the first '/' at the start. The patch fails to modify
     the NEWS file. I suspect that this was because it was unable to find the
     location where new lines had to be inserted because the contextual text
     privided in the patch file did not match the actual contents of the file.

     I had an issue where I was unable to run make after the patch. I fixed this
     by running autoreconf and then make and make install

  8. I tested the modified ls command with the -a and -A options and it worked.
     The -A option now overrides the -a option and doesn't display the . and ..
