Dhruv Sharma
605-082-988

1. I downloaded the tarball for coreutils and extracted it using the tar command
   with the -x option to extract, the -z option to filter through gzip and the
   -f option to use the archive file for extraction

2. Next, I created a temporary directory to install coreutils into and ran the
   configure script with the --prefix flag to the directory where I wanted to
   install this version of coreutils

3. I ran the make script to compile and build coreutils. The compilation fails.
   The reason is: The futimens and tee functions have been defined multiple
   times and therefore compilation fails.

4. The patch file changes the function names in some of the files and also the
   corresponding calls to them. This fixes the multiple definitions error.

5. I downloaded the patch file and stored it in the same directory as the
   extracted coreutils. I applied the patch using the patch command with the
   -p0 option.

   The patch was applied successfuly

6. I ran the make and make install commands again to build and install coreutils

7. I created the temp directory and the files needed to test ls just like it
   was given on the class website:
       https://web.cs.ucla.edu/classes/spring19/cs35L/assign/assign4.html

8. I ran the ls command (the one that was just built) on the temp folder.

   The ls command reads the date correctly, however it places it in the wrong
   position when sorting.

9. I looked throught the source code for the ls command in
   coreutils-with-bug/src/ls.c and saw that the files were sorted by the
   sort_files function. I ran gdb on ls and set a breakpoint at this function.

10. The function calls qsort with the compare function as 'func'
    In this case, func was a pointer to compare_mtime, which in turn calls
    cmp_mtime which then calls timespec_cmp. The timespec_cmp function is
    where the problem occurs.

11. The function returns the correct value for the files created on
    'current time' but an incorrect value for the very old file.
    This is because the timespec_cmp function uses regular subtraction to see
    if a timestamp is greater than the other.

    The issue with this is that if time value 1 is extremely an extremely small
    negative value (like 1918), and value 2 is large enough positive value,
    the difference could overflow to a large positive value, thereby making
    it seem like value 1 was GREATER than value 2.

    This approach to finding the greater time is wrong in this case

12. I changed this function to use the > and < operators to see if a number is
    greater/less than the other. These operators have the necessary checks in
    place to ensure that underflows don't affect the result.

13. I copied the timespec.h file and made these edits and also updated the
    changelog to log all the changes made to the file

14. I then used the diff command with the new modified file and old timespec.h
    file using the -u option and stored the output in lab4.diff. Then I moved the
    patch file to coreutils-with-bug/ and applied it using the patch -p1 command

15. I ran the autoreconf command and the make and make install command to reflect
    the changes made

16. Upon testing in the same temp directory as before, the problem has now been fixed

17. On running the same process in a directory under the home directory.

    In this case, a different error popped up. The 1918 file is shown with a
    modification time of 2054. However, it is displayed at the top, so it is
    technically in the correct sorted problem.

    The issue this time is that the date itself (which is a very high negative
    value) is underflowing to a massive positive value because the file system
    of the home directory uses less bytes to store the date, and therefore the
    date itself underflows to a positive value (2054) in this case.

    This issue did not exist on the temp directory as that temp directory
    is on a different machine that uses a different file system that supports
    a much larger range of dates.
    
    This isn't necessarily a problem with the installed ls command on seasnet,
    but just the filesystem
